Learn web development
Welcome to the MDN learning area. This set of articles aims to guide complete beginners to web development with all that they need to start coding websites.

The aim of this area of MDN is not to take you from "beginner" to "expert" but to take you from "beginner" to "comfortable." 
From there, you should be able to start making your way, learning from the rest of MDN, and other intermediate to advanced resources that assume a lot of previous knowledge.

If you are a complete beginner, web development can be challenging — we will hold your hand and provide enough detail for you to feel comfortable and learn the topics properly. You should feel at home whether you are a student learning web development (on your own or as part of a class), a teacher looking for class materials, a hobbyist, or someone who just wants to understand more about how web technologies work.

What's new?
The content in the learning area is being added to regularly. 
We have started keeping Learning area release notes to show what has changed — keep checking back frequently!

If you have questions regarding topics you'd like to see covered or feel are missing, drop us a message on our Discourse forum.

Looking to become a front-end web developer?
We have put together a course that includes all the essential information you need to work towards your goal.
Get started

Where to start
Complete beginner
If you are a complete beginner to web development, we'd recommend that you start by working through our Getting started with the web module, which provides a practical introduction to web development.

Beyond the basics
If you have a bit of knowledge already, the next step is to learn HTML and CSS in detail: start with our Introduction to HTML module and move on to our CSS first steps module.

Moving onto scripting
If you are comfortable with HTML and CSS already, or you are mainly interested in coding, you'll want to move on to JavaScript or server-side development. Begin with our JavaScript first steps and Server-side first steps modules.

Frameworks and tooling
After mastering the essentials of vanilla HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, you should learn about client-side web development tools, and then consider digging into client-side JavaScript frameworks, and server-side website programming.
